no
[Applause]
hello guys welcome to an episode of
thrown cooking it's true some of you
say even love doesn't exist I believe it
exists it also exists
forever I don't believe in marriage I
only believe in a single ring that of
fried onion today in fact  make
something that I have always ordered and that's all I
've never done because I'll be honest the
preparations with the stars
are really always bare the [ __ ] of the
pastels are not really our
strong point especially my strong point but today
we will try to make a recipe that  of
yellow saffron from we stole this
recipe guys so bbb and we'll see if it
actually succeeds as always
if we succeed you can do it
too to make the gq rings from we
will need it says go to 100 thousand liters
of stolen breast milk mouth a pinch
of cumulus  a spoonful of
extra virgin olive oil combined with a half
teaspoon of yeast bread angela 90
grams of flour infinite only one thing
I ask you but while my music is
very sad I haven't eaten for two days
today we're making china throw away the first
time you want we can finally  tell me
and minutes but most likely of
something that will be extremely harmful
to my organism at the moment the one
prepared by me if you want to help me and
sign up every morning L'Aquilano
wakes up and wonders if someone has
followed his request to sign up it's
really easy you know the  same
button with which
you usually put complicated sly on comment and
write [ __ ]
or click on another
person's video and prove the moment to
push that mouse towards the
subscribe button sd write you can comment on the
city
I will know and maybe in the morning
I will wake up but maybe  I'm not alone
because all of us are a little lonely but I,
more than you, is fine then at this point
if you haven't done it
I honestly wonder when
someone who asks for money come on and 5 euros
what the [ __ ] are you going to do and die for free get it for
free
that is, for free, you can do it with us, my
goodness,
the pasta is very simple, throw all
the ingredients into a
bowl and with a whisk,
first add the flour, they say
to sift it, saffron yellow, everything is
fine but when something unconscious is
clearly unpleasant  I don't make it, let's
add just enough salt,
just enough, I've never understood just
enough, honestly, I didn't vote for a while,
at that point half a sachet of
Angela yeast, we'll combine all the
dry ingredients,
at that point we'll add a man
asking to meet
mammamia cocchieri annichiarico ago  and it
is not dictated by the new of a custom to say how
officials use the same voice carlo v it was
as if he had not made conscious
inside composed resolved cases keep quiet
and don't say anything and if one of the shells
then says here's cannes dezza of union
when then  everything with taste having
entered into the party no longer being able to
go out
I was there let's add the milk public
rich a liquid mixture should come a
jaw
now already an omelette in one is good
then look at the one who jumps on the bandwagon
ok in these long months and not  they are
removed I'm going crazy
I'm desperate baby I'll eat this it
still seems too much of which I
just need to add hate hate it's the only pd it's
very liquid it won't stick to the
onion
the right solution is this they say to
let it rest for 30 minutes so maybe it
will create a fabric that  it will make it more
sticky see you soon in frappe let's move on
at this point to the TV from the ogres year
the layers the onions year the layers
also my patience of the very
thin layers a lot of attention from the talent
of the onion I will make it very catchy don't
do it at home so I can't face it
collect this thing, look, guys,
it's more difficult with itself, don't think about it, it
sticks really carefully, it's a third party, it's up to you, you do
n't have to have a very
sharp knife to make a slippery path,
whether it's right or not, I don't have control while
instead being so high you come back then
everything broke except  what onion rings
trying to cut them directly with the
peel but convenient my mother it's the only one
that makes onionate cry a
day with you that can make you cry I
know the kitchen as it would also make you
cry a dinner prepared by Maria like
salads of grace but  it provides a few
nails because I found them
oil for frying this is the batter
after half an hour I don't know what will happen
good good cabbage it's really
working guys can you smell how good
this one looks like the belt it's true that
something is missing
oh god gianmarco 30 it's  happened like this at
first sight it's what was expected
dry mild climate I taste a lot
see there was one thing you have too little in things
presenting too little black now they are
crispier leave them alone to let them
dry a second john but with that
finger I can give you bad news I'm
furniture hand that are not the failed
and phallic process protection beautiful only beautiful
levels and says the onion rings and
rubber bands for gray hair are
closer because it tastes more omelette there is a
nice thing you are telling me that you were
right but like this  hatred because it's
the father the onion rings
I'm also a fan of the buildings in reality it's but
less but guys don't be fooled
by the appearance this is the classic
example where the cover is misleading
let's open the restaurant rubber shots
what did I say  I don't know what to do with the stars
I followed everything what was it
I said we needed more flour legendary
and still the result I'm disappointed but in
reality with more flour they came I can
try something no yes no kitchen thrown away what is it
you become saddened by
failure enrico gianmarco they have finished
their day and so you have to
go home and you can't make a
recipe that really works that's
what you are they add no semolina
the semolina
this anyway she always comes up less and less
that there is  a semolina flour with
flour mum you have to let me work
on this point I'm not Guglielmo called
policemen but I can say that the
different consistency of the
decree actually put a little hand into it that
we see and very dense very disappointed
look at the beauty of this I didn't even let them
see it  that she slaps with
the look at the beam relax a live to
make Enrico Caruso get up I understand
they look intensely and then ok yes good
very good
if I was right Marco Tudyk just
apologize Enrico guys since
Grazzano's sister-in-law is so good with
the boss Stella is there  saying in the twenty
minutes call chiara go to trust in
nocera inferior magna themes jonio rings
you know they are beautiful don't touch them yet
while I get the last onion
rings going I will taste the ones I made
[Music]
worse Enrico to find them and half a
sketch thank you I am  terrible
guys with death in their hearts I say goodbye
I apologize for the fact that this was created
even if we shouldn't apologize
we have already followed a recipe it
didn't work it's not my fault I
did my own thing even worse I can
say you put your heart into it  and this is
fine with the kitchen thrown away the
sparkling operation game puts them there see you on Thursday
with a new video
[Music]